Add time zone support for timeseries (#386)
cognitedata/cognite-grafana-datasource: CHANGELOG.md

This article documents the ongoing improvements we're making to the **Cognite
Data Source for Grafana**.

> ## 4.1.3 - June 17th, 2024

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 4.2.0 - June 17th, 2024
```

### Features

> - Adds support for time zones in Timeseries, the user can select the timezone using the Grafana time range options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds time zone support for for aggregated time series, the user can select the timezone using the Grafana time range options.
```
